hi
[Music]
hi i'm agatha welcomer welcome back to
my channel and for this video i am going
to show you how i do my base makeup
so how i do my foundation concealer and
powder
so this is how it looks like yeah if you
want to achieve your skin like
dewy finish
this is the right to do for you but it
is not a tutorial i'm just going to give
you
tips and i'm going to show you how i do
my face makeup and company
so yeah without further ado let's get
started
the first thing that i want to share
with you is to prep your skin
first before applying any makeup on your
face because it's
important that you take care of your
skin before putting on
makeup because a hindi enough makeup
face mod but you're not treating it or
you're not prepping your skin
it's really your first tip i am putting
on
foundation i'm using a brush but you can
use
any method that you want either a brush
or a sponge but for me i
use both mythic sponge my tendency shana
i'm using the fit me concealer oh no the
fit me foundation
i am in the shade one two eight
so i'm just putting on a light
foundation to say
mean sun less is more and mas magenta
you don't put a lot because it tends to
kick
up and we don't want that skin melted
so after i apply the first layer of
foundation
what i do is to get the sponge and
just blending it
firewallang street lines now guys brush
now we are done with the foundation next
is concealer i will also leave
some links down below so that you'll
get to educate yourself
when it comes to base makeup
[Music]
only from
they really explained the technicalities
behind
the base makeup and mosquito manganese
i will also
put a video right here it's from msa tv
it talks about the
importance of um
choosing the right shade or knowing
what is a white cast
[Music]
for you
that's what we call your white cast some
say it would be because of spf and
though it's true that spf creates a
white layer on the skin
very little long spf satin foundation so
your powder plays a bigger role when it
comes to white cast
hd powders like this one from fenty topo
and ayan they have an ingredient called
silica
which is different from silicone it's a
continuous light like the light i have
right now when taking videos it doesn't
have that much of an effect
but when you change your media into
still photos or flash photography donna
kakaron
white cast the silica on your powder is
what bounces off white light
but but silica
is what blurs your imperfections kashana
hanapsa hd powders
it makes your makeup last longer and it
absorbs oil
so what you can do is to avoid baking if
you don't have extra silica layers
foundation or your base makeup face
i spray some beauty mist or
a setting spray
as you can see i'm giving do with the
new
finish now makeup
tapas pasha
[Music]
i will do the rest of my makeup and then
i will be back
but and as you can see severing lightly
no
[Music]
so yeah i hope you guys enjoyed this
video like and subscribe to my channel
if you want to see
more of me and if you do have some
suggestions leave them
down below i will do my best to
try to do it yeah
[Music]
this is a requested video
bye